Added clarification regarding job mode in V2 (#1562)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/run/run-jobs-batch.mdx

         job = sampler.run(partitioned_circuits)
         jobs.append(job)
 ```

> <Admonition type="note">
>     If you set `backend=backend` in a v2 primitive it will run the program in job mode, even if it's inside a batch/session context. So, preferred way to use it is `sampler = SamplerV2()` when running in batch mode.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should phrase this more strongly; what do you think of this?

```suggestion
<Admonition type="caution">
    If you set `backend=backend` in a v2 primitive it will run the program in job mode, even if it's inside a batch/session context. Avoid setting the backend parameter if you want to run in batch/session mode.
```

Author: I think its a good idea

Reviewer: No; if you're happy with the suggestion we can commit it and merge the PR

Author: Sure, go ahead.
